---
layout: project
title: The Club's Comfy Cube Game
subtitle: An upcoming 3D platfomer about cubes
img1: tcccg/screenshot1.png
project-url:
description:
start-date: 2019-03-17
end-date: 2019-03-21
made-with: Unity
thumbnail: tcccg/thumbnail.png
categories: demos
---
<div class="wrapper">
  <video muted autoplay="autoplay" loop="loop" width="100%" height="auto"> 
    <source src="\assets\images\projects\tcccg\video.mp4" type="video/webm">
  </video>
</div>
<p>
This demo was made as a potential club project durning my time as an officer of the UC Merced Game Development Club. Because of varying programing levels of members, I try to structure the project to be inclusive of all skill levels.
</p>
<br>
<p>
The game is a simple platformer, the goal goal is to touch thd  finish block. A simpler design philosophy means that new people can get contributing faster since they woll spend less time trying to understand the underlying systems of the game.
</p>
<br>
<p>
 I structured the project with three skill levels in mind:
</p>
<br>
<p>
People with no or little experience in programing can use the premade assets by our intermediate members to create new levels. This will familiarize them with the unity interface, as well as how to create and edit scenes in unity.
This also allows non-computer science students to participate in creating games, without learning how to code.
</p>
<br>
<p>
Intermediate members can design new platforms aka "cubes" from existing template. This will allow them to freely create without being concerned with game design.
</p>
<br>
<p>
Advance members can focus on creating the background systems of the game, things like saves, leaderboards, and other assets in an arcade game.
</p>
<br>

The demo can be played on [itch.io](https://ucmgdc.itch.io/tcccg?password=ucmgdc).
<br>
[Github source](https://github.com/UCMercedGameDevelopmentClub/The-Clubs-Comfy-Cube-Game)
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>